Feature - add 'Get KeyVault access policies' script (#43)
arcus-azure/arcus.scripting: docs/preview/features/ps/keyvault.md

---
title: "Scripts related to interacting with Azure Key Vault"
layout: default
---

> # Azure Key Vault scripting

Reviewer: I think it's ok to leave this out
```suggestion
# Azure Key Vault
```

## Installation

To have access to the following features, you have to import the module:

```powershell

> PS> Import-Module -Name Arcus.Scripting.PS.KeyVault

Reviewer: Is there a reason why we have `PS` in here? Do we support others?

Reviewer 2: Currently: no
This was included to ensure the repo would be future-proof and while those might not end up on the PS-gallery, seems better to allign naming conventions?
Related to #23

Reviewer: Yes, I think it's best to leave it out indeed as different scripting might require different package managers indeed

Author: Moved `/ps` to `/powershell`.

```

## Get all access policies of a key vault

> Lists the current available access policies of the Azure key vault resource into a new variable availble at runtime during a Azure DevOps build.

Reviewer 2: small typo: 
- availble -> available
- a Azure DevOps -> an Azure DevOps

Reviewer: Agreed, extended it in a proposal below to not only pin it to Azure DevOps.

Author: Added proposal below.

> Lists the current available access policies of the Azure key vault resource into a new variable availble at runtime during a Azure DevOps build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lists the current available access policies of the Azure key vault resource into a new variable available at runtime during automated processes such as an Azure DevOps build.
```

| Parameter            | Mandatory                                     | Description                                                                  |
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `KeyVaultName`       | yes                                           | The name of the key vault from which the access policies are to be retrieved |
| `ResourceGroupName`  | no                                            | The resource group containing the key vault                                  |

> | `OutputVariableName` | no (default: `Infra.KeyVault.AccessPolicies`) | The name of the variable to be added to DevOps-pipeline variables at runtime |

Reviewer: Maybe it's best to drop the default and make it mandatory? We should not leak our internal convention to others maybe?

Just a thought.

Reviewer 2: I see, perhaps best to leave this out as suggested.

Author: See other conv: removed variable output. Resolving.

**Example**

```powershell
PS> Get-KeyVaultAccessPolicies -KeyVaultName "my-key-vault"

> # Output: #vso[task.setvariable variable=Infra.KeyVault.AccessPolicies]{list: [{tenantId: ...,permissions: ...}]}

Reviewer: This is confusing - Does the command set this as an output variable or also write it? Shouldn't it just return the payload and you can capture it similar to this?

```powershell
$acls = Get-KeyVaultAccessPolicies -KeyVaultName "my-key-vault" -ResourceGroupName "my-resouce-group" -OutputVariableName "My.KeyVault.AccessPolicies"
```

And then do this:
```powershell
#vso[task.setvariable variable=My.KeyVault.AccessPolicies] $acls
```

Because it feels like we are mixing two things here.

Reviewer 2: This script was ment to capture the current access policies and set it as an pipeline variable to be passed along to an ARM-template.

Either we rename this command  and create to second:
- Get-KeyVaultAccessPolicies: actually outputs the value
- Write-KeyVaultAccessPoliciesToDevOpsVariable: adds the variable
(or some better naming :) )

We could expect the user to use `#vso[task.setvariable variable=My.KeyVault.AccessPolicies] $acls` themselves, but this would add some additional "complexity", while this should be all about making it easier.

Reviewer: What if that `Write-KeyVaultAccessPoliciesToDevOpsVariable` simply becomes `Set-DevOpsVariable` instead? That way you can re-use it for others as well.

Reviewer 2: We can definitely use a script such as `Set-DevOpsVariable` (#44 has been created for this)

Makes sense, we'll just have to provide clear documentation that this command no longer writes the output into a pipeline variable - as this is now the case, people might still expect it to do this or complain their setup is no longer working after migrating to this module.

Author: Removed the writing to the vso output variable and updated the test.

Author: Although, I'm not sure what's the purpose of this line:

```powershell
$armAccessPoliciesParameter = [pscustomobject]@{
    list = $armAccessPolicies
}
```

Author: If it doesn't add any value, I'll remove this and return the list (`$accessPolicies`) itself as return value.

Reviewer: I'll leave it up to @mbraekman

Author: > I'll leave it up to @mbraekman

Any thoughts @mbraekman ?

Reviewer 2: The reason for that additional object is to ensure that the output-structure is valid to be used as a parameter-value of an ARM-template.
ARM expects the following structure, which is achieved with the additional conversion:
```
{
  "list": [
     { "tenantId": "123456", ... }
  ]
}
```

While the default structure is:
```
[
  { "tenantId": "123456", ... }
]
```

Author: Ok, then I'll leave it like this.
